README.md, before:



### About Me:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on: **ESX By Pixel (Custom ESX Server Pack)**
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: **Nothing Right Now**
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: **A Cool And Good FiveM Server To Develop On**
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with: **Nothing Right Now**
- 💬 Ask me about: **Anything**
- 📫 How to reach me: **My Discord ( https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP ) or PB on Discord Pixel#7068**
- 😄 Pronouns: **Him/He**
- ⚡ Fun fact: **I Have A Discord:O**
- 🌏 Where im from: **Denmark**

### My Community ( https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP )

- 🌏 Last Updated Members: **171**
- 💬 Cool Chats For The Community: **Memes, Chat For DK And English**
- 🎉 Cool Giveaways: **In The Giveaways channel**
- ⚡ Only 2 Owners: **The Gamer, Pixel**
- 📫 Online Admins And Staffs

### My Scripts

- 🔥 Right Now I Only Give Free Scripts
- 🔥 All My Scripts Are Linked In The Discord And On Github
- 🔥 We Don't Support Any Kind Of Leaks
- 🔥 Read Our ToS On The Discord!

## Socials
- **https://github.com/PixelTheDeveloper**
- **https://twitter.com/A1phaDK**
- **https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP**

## TGPX Development [Discord]
[![Developer Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/909261119103832084/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP)

Commit message:

Update for ToS and removed "My Community"

README.md, after:



### About Me:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on: **ESX By Pixel (Custom ESX Server Pack)**
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: **Nothing Right Now**
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: **A Cool And Good FiveM Server To Develop On**
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with: **Nothing Right Now**
- 💬 Ask me about: **Anything**
- 📫 How to reach me: **My Discord ( https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP ) or PB on Discord Pixel#7068**
- 😄 Pronouns: **Him/He**
- ⚡ Fun fact: **I Have A Discord:O**
- 🌏 Where im from: **Denmark**

### ToS
- ⚡ Don't Repost Our Work
- ⚡ Don't Take Credit From Our Work
- ⚡ Don't Sell Ours Scripts If They Are Free Or Paid
- ⚡ Read The Discord To!

### My Scripts

- 🔥 Right Now I Only Give Free Scripts
- 🔥 All My Scripts Are Linked In The Discord And On Github
- 🔥 We Don't Support Any Kind Of Leaks
- 🔥 Read Our ToS On The Discord!

## Socials
- **https://github.com/PixelTheDeveloper**
- **https://twitter.com/A1phaDK**
- **https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP**

## TGPX Development [Discord]
[![Developer Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/909261119103832084/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/fJekXq5jUP)
